

Managing the data of an institution like an university that has hundreds of employees, hundreds of lecturers and thousands of students is quite complex and costly without the database management system. That’s why, a school system with using database management technologies is vital in this age for universities. Thanks to kind of these systems, students can follow up their lessons and grades easily and contact lecturers. Also, lecturers can follow up lessons that are teached by them, control and arrange the grades and information of nonattendance of students that take the lesson from them.

The aim of this project is to make a simple school system that includes the mentioned features. This system includes three different user types as admin, lecturer and student with different authorizations. The authorities of the administrator include organizing the faculties and departments of the university, arranging which courses the lecturers will teach in which department, assigning courses to students according to the course selection of the students and organizing the information of other university employees. The authorities of the lecturers include organizing the grades and absenteeism of students. The authorities of the student include looking up the grades of lessons.

As a result, a school system is built that includes all the simple features that should be in a school system, such as organizing faculties and departments, adding or removing courses, assigning lecturers to courses, assigning grades to students etc.
